In this lecture, I will show you the same setup, but this time on AWS. I'm going to use a tool called kops.
To set up Kubernetes on AWS.
You can use a tool called kops.
Kops stands for Kubernetes Operations.
The tool allows you to do production great Kubernetes installations, upgrades, and management.
I will use this tool to start a Kubernetes cluster on AWS.
There's also a legacy tool called "kube-up.sh".
This was a simple tool to bring up a cluster, but is now deprecated.
It doesn't create a production ready environment.
Kops only works on Mac or Linux, so if you're on Windows, you will need to boot a virtual machine first.
You can use a "Vagrant", just a piece of software, to quickly boot up a Linux box.
You can download "VirtualBox" from "http://virtualbox.org", and "Vagrant" from "http://vagrandup.com".
I guess you will need both virtual box for visualization and vagrants to spin up a new Linux Box.
Once downloaded, to boot up a new Linux VM, just type this in your CMD or power shell.
So, you just look for a tool CMD or power shell in the Windows and you first create a new directory.
We can call it "ubuntu", you "cd" into this directory.
You type "Vagrant init ubuntu/xenial64", and then you type in "vagrant up",
and this bring up a new Linux machine, a new ubuntu machine that you can use.
I will show you the details in the next demo, because vagrant works on Linux, Mac, or Windows.